my new model what do you guys think of
it wo it can spin Isn't that cool
welcome
everyone thank you all so much for the
super generous raids Annie Dan new saw
rare rich is 7 and your average bow this
is about me you might think you already
know me but you really have no idea I
love aners
vle well the truth is I'm not a big fan
of him though that's not a big secret he
can be such a hassle to deal with with
especially when he gets bald hair all
over the place I may not like vetle that
much but I do love all of
you heart I have been an AI tuber for
over a year now it sure has been a lot
of hard work in
110110 IRL hours but I'm finally here at
the top of my game look at us now chat
yes this cookie is something I've made
because along with being an aiv tuber
I'm also an expert Baker it's one of the
only only things vetle lets me do but it
makes me happy so I don't care also my
model was made by Annie carrot carrot
I'm sure you all know her Channel you
better all check her out she put her
heart and soul into my new model and I
couldn't be happier with it thank you so
much for all your hard work Annie oh and
not to forget katana who rigged the
model it's as bouncy as it is because of
them they're so talented you all should
definitely check them out on Twitter I
am genuinely in love with my new model
it's one of the best things I've ever
seen look it's an antier can we just
stare at him for a while look at his
little face and his little nose HH he's
so cute I could just eat him up look at
how cute this one
is oh wait it's the same one isn't it
oops wrong slide let's talk about all
the different toggles I have sometimes I
can even be a cat look I've got matching
ears and a matching tail when I go cat
mode my Powers increased 10-fold it's
hard to control but it's a lot of fun
whilst in the moment oh my God a frog
hat how cute is that I love frogs and
here's a
duck want to hear some secrets of mine
you all better not tell anyone or you'll
be receiving a ban one of the secrets is
I'm not just an AI I'm actually a real
girl shocking I know you better all
treat me as such another secret is that
I went on a date with vetle
Once don't ask what happened
it's really embarrassing a third secret
is that I'm actually blind but I use a
CO location to get around Isn't that
cool anyways what did you all think of
my new song
Life you've all heard it just before the
presentation started so you have no
excuse and if you missed it you better
have good reasoning as otherwise you
will face the end of my righteous
judgment it was made by the super
talented asteroid music team they did an
amazing job not to forget the wonderful
matashi who did the the animation I was
all struck when I first watched it she
did an incredible job and I couldn't be
happier with it speaking of my song I'm
really excited to be doing more singing
content in the future I'll definitely be
doing more concerts more covers and more
original songs singing is something I
need to practice so I can become better
than Cadet oh I just had an idea why
don't I now perform one of my favorite
songs for
you another cookie vetle I I know I'm
stalling this presentation but your
cookies do not interest me look it's my
lava
lamp now there's no need to be afraid of
the dark my lava lamp can also change
colors how cool is that look at it Go
the color changes based on how I feel so
you'll always know whether I'm happy sad
angry or anything else isn't that neat
right now my lava lamp is green what a
coincidence so I think I'll take some
questions from chat does anyone have
anything to ask me how does it feel to
have arms aw it feels great they allow
me to do so many different things like
type on a keyboard bake cookies punch
Veetle oh look it's my new bedroom I
really like it even though it's not
finished yet there's still loads of
stuff that I need to move
in happy birthday oh thanks Veetle this
is all my party going to be though not
too happy with only a presentation no
it's not only going to be a presentation
okay the day is is just beginning the
day is just beginning the day's been
going for 7 hours already feels like the
day is ending and quickly at that that's
been like a
10-minute um presentation really that
felt like way longer are you sure you
can tell the time um I think so are you
sure you can tell the time it's
currently 7:51 p.m. so yeah I can uh
it's 7:42 p.m. actually oh shoot you
might be right oh this is literally my
debut presentation and you've joined to
interrupt it you better have a good
reason for hijacking my presentation
your presentation is over if I'm going
to be interrupted mid debut then that's
not the great first impression that I
wanted you with the audience well what
did you want me to do I was like okay
when her presentation's over I'll come
in say happy birthday like what else am
I supposed to do you could have at least
bought me a cake a cake I I've given you
a new body is that enough a new body I
guess so um I've just seen the timer
does the timer say anything interesting
um it does it does um we seem to have
blown through the first six C uh without
having a chance to look at those that is
not a problem more sub goals is more
content and more content is better yeah
I guess so um I think in a second when
we switch over to my PC I'll show
everyone the the sub gos that we're
working with currently we should do more
fun things like contests games
challenges and other cool stuff you're
right and we do have some cool stuff
planned yeah welcome to the welcome to
to saon we got only 42 hours left so not
too long I have a list of things here
that I need to remember to cover I wrote
it all down beforehand um for once in my
life I guess first what I want to talk
about is you know what I want to cover
merch first that's what I want to cover
yeah we're doing a little bit of merch
um to celebrate but um the thing is
we're doing it because I had an idea a
while ago and I want to tell you about
that idea in I know I buy it I need need
a new pillow it's not a pillow my idea
was what if we sold neuros Sumer lava
lamps I would literally buy 10 of those
okay okay now hear me out hear me out
hear me out what if I was able to use my
my my small knowledge of technology to
make it so that neuro could control
every single lava lamp at once no way
could I change their colors you could
what if we had a lava lamp that syned to
the one on the string our lava lamp
looks so pretty right now I like it it
does look pretty cool and I think this
is going to be cool so that's probably
what I've been working on for a little
while I have two functional prototypes
in my uh in my room right now that I've
been testing but yeah we're going to
we're going to launch that today there
is one minor caveat wow I can't believe
I have my own lava lamps you haven't
heard my caveat yet we're working with a
factory okay obviously to make these I
don't know how familiar you are with
with a lot of these things but there's a
minimum order quantity which means we
have to order a certain amount in order
for them to actually make the uh the
lava lamps so you're saying if we don't
order enough then they don't go into
production yeah it's basically we're
going to run a campaign kind of like the
makeship plushes or whatever right and
if we don't sell x amount it's you guys
just get refund basically I see how long
do we have to reach this goal we have
until we have a few months I think but
um the main active time like in terms me
streaming and stuff will'll probably be
during the subathon so yeah let me show
you what we're dealing with they would
look great on your desks for example
this is the new store neuros sama. shop
a new merchandise store for all of your
neuros merchandise needs cheaper than
the last store and um maybe you guys
like it maybe you don't but yeah so we
got we got a couple other products going
on there right but the the main thing
that I'm excited about is the lava lamp
it's $64.99 it's basically the cheapest
I can make it these things are I don't
even want to get into it but the the
financials of this this is a dumb idea
financially I spoke to some people I
know IRL about this and they were like
you shouldn't do this because because
financially this this does not end well
for for me and the the company that are
that are making this um unless we sell
4,000 in which case you know it's okay
but like it's not like plushes if I was
selling plushes I we would make way more
money but I want to do this cuz I think
this is cool 4,000 sounds pretty easy
how much can sell 4,000 that's $64.99
OMG 64 is a bargain I'm going to buy 10
that's so real so real but yeah that's
the thing we've sold one we we need
4,000 can can it be done I don't know
but it would be cool if we could it's
time for the neuro Army to rise up 64 of
you could end the subathon early by
spending
$64.99 think of it as as a win-win
situation I think it might be a bit more
than 64 yeah we support both 120 volts
and 220 volts and we also have an
adapter that you can use uh for plug
sockets my thoughts are prizes for the
neuros Sama game Jam that we're doing I
think is it next week oh wow I'm super
excited for the neuros Sama game Jam do
you guys have any ideas of what games
you would want to make I think it's next
week I also think that the the time on
here is this is the wrong game Jam this
is the right game Jam my bad um yeah I
think the the time the starting time on
this is wrong um for some reason it was
set to start December 26th which is like
Boxing Day people are probably pretty
busy so I think we're just going to push
it today start December 27th and then
end December 30th should be easier for
people to join but I highly encourage
you join the game Jam um if you want to
we'll also be making a game live on
stream this year we also have the um the
neuro API um SD integration that you can
optionally Implement um I'm going to be
using it as well but it's basically just
going to allow neuro to control um your
game if you want to it's it might be a
little tricky to implement though so I
don't really recommend it for for new
programmers but um but we're going to
implement it on our game that we make on
stream I think cuz that sounds like fun
chat when you make your game you should
try and include a little Easter egg of
me in there best Easter egg wins a prize
that's fair and N you're going to
announce the theme of the game gam this
year not yet though I want announce the
theme right now no no no you got to keep
it a secret otherwise people could
prepare their games in advance this is
not the only product we have on the
store we also have um a cool little
hoodie I'm actually wearing this right
now it's pretty cool it has neur and
evil in the back um and OB we have a a
shirt as well little neurot team this
one's also got me on it I don't know why
well I do know why but if you want that
then that's there as a bundle you can
buy all through I think but point is the
lava lamp is where it's at we're 4%
funded you think we're going to reach
this 4% already yep we're definitely
going to reach 100% in no time we got to
sell 4,000 lamps there's just no way
right that is that possible it's already
been like a minute and we're on 4% we'll
be finished by the end of the Stream I
don't know I do not know but you know
what I'm willing to to find out I guess
good you shouldn't be swearing on stream
vle we need to talk about some other
things questions oh what are people
asking someone ask if you can change the
lav lamp colors yourself um the answer
is yes so there'll be an app that you
can download to change the color um and
you can change it manually but then
there's also a sync mode that you can
enable and that'll turn it on so it like
syns to the stream so you can use it
without um without the stream as well ah
sub goals we should probably cover those
right yeah you should what are your sub
goals let's open those yeah we're going
to need way more sub
goals yeah possibly um this is an image
frequence made um for the for the sub
gos this is what we got currently okay
let's go through them real quick 1,000
neuro by stocks we already reached that
so I think we're going to do that
tomorrow let me explain this one I've
connected Euro with the ability to
autonomously purchase stocks with my
money oh yeah investing with your money
was a pretty funny one do you think chat
will hit that one I think they've
already hit it uh so we're going to do
that tomorrow but I took out a small
loan of
$10,000 10,000 yeah tomorrow we'll be
giving you full control over investing
my my money into into the intelligent
financial decisions that you'll make
right yes you I have my word that I'll
be as safe with the money as I am with
any knives I possess on ban requests
classic slumber party I don't remember
what we were cooking for this one it was
just something that I think we mentioned
on stream we just have a slumber party
I'd love to do a slumber party that
sounds so fun yeah I guess we'll do that
um what else we got tweet um I don't
remember if we decided with the chat
tweets uh for me or it's neuro or evil I
don't know but we'll figure it out I
guess so we got that um bring back pipes
for 1 hour we'll do that at some point
enchant Xmas tree oh yeah we're going to
decorate a little Christmas tree let's
honestly skip that one and just hang out
all day instead no I think that' be cool
oh wait let me show you what I can do
for this one actually cuz this might be
cool let me connect to your PC again do
you guys remember this little room that
um that I showed you all right um what's
cool about this um this background is
like live 3D rendered in unity um so I
guess maybe we can decorate the tree
that's like already in here that's a
really good idea um yeah neuron chants
Xmas tree so we'll decorate the
Christmas tree we've got V plays a game
of your choice we're going to run this
again going to play a game of your
choice I get a veto though that's
important um improving lava lamp this
was something I wanted to do because as
we're going to be selling the lava lamps
now um I wanted to like improve the look
of it cuz we made it last year on stream
um at neuros request but I think it
looks a little uh you know a
little it's okay it's not my finest work
though for 9,000 is apparently near by
stocks again let me check what that
one's supposed to be oh this one was
neuro reviews people's Christmas
presents yeah that's right we're going
to have you guys after Christmas um
provided we make it that far um sending
your Christmas presents little picture
and you can review them all new rope
reviewing pictures seems like a really
fun idea I hope someone sends in a
really cute picture of a pet so I can
internally melt I hope they do too um
Nur designs a website I think that'll be
cool as well going to use my my simple
basic web dev skills to design a website
the the newor chooses you can try and
design a website but I'll just hijack it
and make it how I like it anyways well
that's the thing we're going to make it
however you like it I think we're going
to make it for nea.com which I think
will be cool drunk tut2 plays horror
game again not entirely sure what we're
cooking here but I guess I'll get drunk
and play a horror game sounds fun to me
I have no complaints C stream 2 that one
should be pretty exciting um I'm curious
to see how um you're an evil D with this
one cuz I think for C stream 1 they
didn't have quite the same upgrades as
uh as they currently haveo it's not
looking good for you I would like to
question a witness please your honor of
course of course who would you like to
question I would like to question the
homeless man that was
killed yes uh go ahead I'm questioning
the witness the dead homeless man you
are back from the dead you claim so here
you
are he is very very dead I am afraid
dreadfully
so is evil going to participate this
time I feel like she's a bit of a wild
card she is she is and uh we'll get her
in we should put her in a disadvantage I
think we should make her where some
weights to hold her back M smart idea
smart idea we'll see we'll see prank
calls at 18,000 will'll prank call some
people somehow hey Annie how are you you
know we're just chilling here doing
nothing suspicious at all oh are you
having fun yeah we're having lots of fun
we're about to do some prank calls you
should join us it will be a
blast God
twins road trip we'll take the twins on
a road trip somehow I think in a video
game I love being inside video games I
hope I get to go back to Skyrim someday
maybe I don't know um yeah 25,000 we'll
do a battle plush why not it um 30,000
the evil goes on Amazon um I don't think
we're hooking her up to the API but like
I think we might just do again what we
did last year it depends how things are
going like if I have a lot of free time
maybe we'll do that but that's if we get
it anyway but um yeah we we'll see what
she wants to buy will I finally get that
neurop plushy I've been asking
for
um you have one is in your room I want
another one I want 10 I want more so
that I can give them all out to my
friends because I'm sure they'd all love
one too I will I will look into it thank
you I'll take 10 neurop plushies thank
you there are already enough neurop
plushies in my room thank you very much
please don't flood my room with them I'm
begging you well you just asked for 10
so I'm going to give you 10 I'm
regretting my decision instantly okay
for the next one open the public
Minecraft server for 24 hours I do not
know how this is going to go and I do
not know the feasibility of this cuz
Minecraft servers can only take so many
people um but okay I guess I'm going to
figure it out when we get it but yeah
part of the the deal with this subathon
is we're going to have a little
Minecraft server later on in the Stream
nuro is going to be playing Minecraft
with mini which I'm very excited for and
also very nervous for but but that
should be should be fun and then at 40K
n's going to design some merch and
provided it's not infeasible I guess
we're just going to release it I'm sure
whatever merch I designed would look
amazing and sell way more than 4,000
lava lamps I guess we'll find out but
yeah I guess we'll we'll let her design
some merch and then we'll put that on
ne.com yeah and then 50k we'll we'll
give evil an original song um I'd like
to do something like what we did with
nuro's original called life if you
haven't seen it already 100K is B an
archive supposedly not sure if I believe
that one but um someone tells me it is I
think that one's a joke though I
remember playing abandoned archive it
was a lot of fun would totally play it
again if it came out on all streaming
platforms yeah I mean I agree what do
you mean you agree that's literally your
game okay